---
# Title, summary, and page position.
linktitle: Disease resistance
summary: 
weight: 5
icon: book
icon_pack: fas

# Page metadata.
title: Disease resistance
date: '2022-12-01'
type: book # Do not modify.
---

- 63.	Xiaohui Cheng, Chuanji Zhao, Lixia Gao, Lingyi Zeng, Yu Xu, Fan Liu, Junyan Huang, Lijiang Liu, Shengyi Liu, and Xiong Zhang. 2022. “Alternative Splicing Reprogramming in Fungal Pathogen Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum at Different Infection Stages on Brassica Napus.” Frontiers in Plant Science 13:1008665. doi: 10.3389/fpls.2022.1008665.
- 64.	Dian Wang, Guohua Chai, Li Xu, Kangkang Yang, Yamei Zhuang, Aiguo Yang, Shengyi Liu, Yingzhen Kong, and Gongke Zhou. 2022. “Phosphorylation-Mediated Inactivation of C3H14 by MPK4 Enhances Bacterial-Triggered Immunity in Arabidopsis.” Plant Physiology 190(3):1941–59. doi: 10.1093/plphys/kiac300.
- 65.	Lijiang Liu, Li Qin, Luqman Bin Safdar, Chuanji Zhao, Xiaohui Cheng, Meili Xie, Yi Zhang, Feng Gao, Zetao Bai, Junyan Huang, Rishikesh P. Bhalerao, Shengyi Liu, and Yangdou Wei. 2022. “The Plant Trans -Golgi Network Component ECHIDNA Regulates Defense, Cell Death, and Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.” Plant Physiology kiac400. doi: 10.1093/plphys/kiac400.
- 66.	Rong Zuo, Meili Xie, Feng Gao, Wahid Sumbal, Xiaohui Cheng, Yueying Liu, Zetao Bai, and Shengyi Liu. 2022. “The Characterization of the Phloem Protein 2 Gene Family Associated with Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum in Brassica Napus.” International Journal of Molecular Sciences 23(7):3934. doi: 10.3390/ijms23073934.
- 67.	Yizhou He, Zhiquan Yang, Minqiang Tang, Qing-Yong Yang, Yuanyuan Zhang, and Shengyi Liu. 2022. “Enhancing Canola Breeding by Editing a Glucosinolate Transporter Gene Lacking Natural Variation.” Plant Physiology 188(4):1848–51. doi: 10.1093/plphys/kiac021.
- 68.	Rong Zuo, Meili Xie, Feng Gao, Jie Liu, Minqiang Tang, Xiaohui Cheng, Yueying Liu, Zetao Bai, and Shengyi Liu. 2022. “Genome-Wide Identification and Functional Exploration of the Legume Lectin Genes in Brassica Napus and Their Roles in Sclerotinia Disease Resistance.” Frontiers in Plant Science 13.
- 69.	Li Yang, Chuanji Zhao, Zetao Bai, Lingli Yang, Michael Eric Schranz, Shengyi Liu, and Klaas Bouwmeester. 2022. “Comparative Transcriptome Analysis of Compatible and Incompatible Brassica Napus - Xanthomonas Campestris Interactions.” Frontiers in Plant Science. doi: 10.3389/fpls.2022.960874.
- 70.	Yizhou He, Yan Li, Zetao Bai, Meili Xie, Rong Zuo, Jie Liu, Jing Xia, Xiaohui Cheng, Yueying Liu, Chaobo Tong, Yuanyuan Zhang, and Shengyi Liu. 2022. “Genome-Wide Identification and Functional Analysis of Cupin_1 Domain-Containing Members Involved in the Responses to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum and Abiotic Stress in Brassica Napus.” Frontiers in Plant Science 13.
- 71.	Wang Chen, Yan Li, Ruibin Yan, Li Ren, Fan Liu, Lingyi Zeng, Shengnan Sun, Huihui Yang, Kunrong Chen, Li Xu, Lijiang Liu, Xiaoping Fang, and Shengyi Liu. 2021. “SnRK1.1-Mediated Resistance of Arabidopsis Thaliana to Clubroot Disease Is Inhibited by the Novel Plasmodiophora Brassicae Effector PBZF1.” Molecular Plant Pathology 22(9):1057–69. doi: 10.1111/mpp.13095.
- 72.	Harsh Raman, Rosy Raman, Yu Qiu, Yuanyuan Zhang, Jacqueline Batley, and Shengyi Liu. 2021. “The Rlm13 Gene, a New Player of Brassica Napus-Leptosphaeria Maculans Interaction Maps on Chromosome C03 in Canola.” Frontiers in Plant Science 12:654604. doi: 10.3389/fpls.2021.654604.
- 73.	Lijiang Liu, Li Qin, Zhuqing Zhou, Wilhelmina G. H. M. Hendriks, Shengyi Liu, and Yangdou Wei. 2020. “Refining the Life Cycle of Plasmodiophora Brassicae.” Phytopathology 110(10):1704–12. doi: 10.1094/PHYTO-02-20-0029-R.
- 74.	Dian Wang, Hua Xu, Junyan Huang, Yingzhen Kong, Synan AbuQamar, Diqiu Yu, Shengyi Liu, Gongke Zhou, and Guohua Chai. 2020. “The Arabidopsis CCCH Protein C3H14 Contributes to Basal Defense against Botrytis Cinerea Mainly through the WRKY33-Dependent Pathway.” Plant, Cell & Environment 43(7):1792–1806. doi: 10.1111/pce.13771.
- 75.	Lina Ding, Ming Li, Xiaojuan Guo, Minqiang Tang, Jun Cao, Zheng Wang, Rui Liu, Keming Zhu, Liang Guo, Shengyi Liu, and Xiaoli Tan. 2020. “Arabidopsis GDSL1 Overexpression Enhances Rapeseed Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum Resistance and the Functional Identification of Its Homolog in Brassica Napus.” Plant Biotechnology Journal 18(5):1255–70. doi: 10.1111/pbi.13289.
- 76.	Zheng Wang, Fengyun Zhao, Minqiang Tang, Ting Chen, Lingli Bao, Jun Cao, Yulong Li, Yanhua Yang, Keming Zhu, Shengyi Liu, and Xiaoli Tan. 2020. “BnaMPK6 Is a Determinant of Quantitative Disease Resistance against Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum in Oilseed Rape.” Plant Science: An International Journal of Experimental Plant Biology 291:110362. doi: 10.1016/j.plantsci.2019.110362.
- 77.	Harsh Raman, Brett McVittie, Ramethaa Pirathiban, Rosy Raman, Yuanyuan Zhang, Denise M. Barbulescu, Yu Qiu, Shengyi Liu, and Brian Cullis. 2020. “Genome-Wide Association Mapping Identifies Novel Loci for Quantitative Resistance to Blackleg Disease in Canola.” Frontiers in Plant Science 11:1184. doi: 10.3389/fpls.2020.01184.
- 78.	Lijiang Liu, Li Qin, Xiaohui Cheng, Yi Zhang, Li Xu, Fan Liu, Chaobo Tong, Junyan Huang, Shengyi Liu, and Yangdou Wei. 2020. “Comparing the Infection Biology of Plasmodiophora Brassicae in Clubroot Susceptible and Resistant Hosts and Non-Hosts.” Frontiers in Microbiology 11:507036. doi: 10.3389/fmicb.2020.507036.
- 79.	Fengqi Zhang, Junyan Huang, Minqiang Tang, Xiaohui Cheng, Yueying Liu, Chaobo Tong, Jingyin Yu, Tehrim Sadia, Caihua Dong, Lingyan Liu, Baojun Tang, Jianguo Chen, and Shengyi Liu. 2019. “Syntenic Quantitative Trait Loci and Genomic Divergence for Sclerotinia Resistance and Flowering Time in Brassica Napus.” Journal of Integrative Plant Biology 61(1):75–88. doi: 10.1111/jipb.12754.
- 80.	Ian J. Girard, Chaobo Tong, Michael G. Becker, Xingyu Mao, Junyan Huang, Teresa de Kievit, W. G. Dilantha Fernando, Shengyi Liu, and Mark F. Belmonte. 2017. “RNA Sequencing of Brassica Napus Reveals Cellular Redox Control of Sclerotinia Infection.” Journal of Experimental Botany 68(18):5079–91. doi: 10.1093/jxb/erx338.
- 81.	Jiaqin Mei, Yijuan Ding, Yuehua Li, Chaobo Tong, Hai Du, Yang Yu, Huafang Wan, Qing Xiong, Jingyin Yu, Shengyi Liu, Jiana Li, and Wei Qian. 2016. “Transcriptomic Comparison between Brassica Oleracea and Rice (Oryza Sativa) Reveals Diverse Modulations on Cell Death in Response to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum.” Scientific Reports 6:33706. doi: 10.1038/srep33706.
- 82.	Quan Chen, Jie Wang, Mingsheng Hou, Shengyi Liu, Junyan Huang, and Li Cai. 2015. “BnSGS3 Has Differential Effects on the Accumulation of CMV, ORMV and TuMV in Oilseed Rape.” Viruses 7(8):4169–85. doi: 10.3390/v7082815.
- 83.	Tao Ke, Huihui Cao, Junyan Huang, Fan Hu, Jin Huang, Caihua Dong, Xiangdong Ma, Jingyin Yu, Han Mao, and Xi Wang. 2015. “EST-Based in Silico Identification and in Vitro Test of Antimicrobial Peptides in Brassica Napus.” BMC Genomics 16(1):1–10.
- 84.	Huihui Cao, Tao Ke, Renhu Liu, Jingyin Yu, Caihua Dong, Mingxing Cheng, Junyan Huang, and Shengyi Liu. 2015. “Identification of a Novel Proline-Rich Antimicrobial Peptide from Brassica Napus.” PloS One 10(9):e0137414. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0137414.
- 85.	M. J. Barbetti, C. X. Li, S. S. Banga, S. K. Banga, D. Singh, P. S. Sandhu, R. Singh, S. Y. Liu, and M. P. You. 2015. “New Host Resistances in Brassica Napus and Brassica Juncea from Australia, China and India: Key to Managing Sclerotinia Stem Rot (Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum) without Fungicides.” Crop Protection 78:127–30.
- 86.	Dan Shen, Ina Suhrkamp, Yu Wang, Shenyi Liu, Jan Menkhaus, Joseph-Alexander Verreet, Longjiang Fan, and Daguang Cai. 2014. “Identification and Characterization of MicroRNAs in Oilseed Rape (Brassica Napus) Responsive to Infection with the Pathogenic Fungus Verticillium Longisporum Using Brassica AA (Brassica Rapa) and CC (Brassica Oleracea) as Reference Genomes.” The New Phytologist 204(3):577–94. doi: 10.1111/nph.12934.
- 87.	Jingyin Yu, Sadia Tehrim, Fengqi Zhang, Chaobo Tong, Junyan Huang, Xiaohui Cheng, Caihua Dong, Yanqiu Zhou, Rui Qin, Wei Hua, and Shengyi Liu. 2014. “Genome-Wide Comparative Analysis of NBS-Encoding Genes between Brassica Species and Arabidopsis Thaliana.” BMC Genomics 15:3. doi: 10.1186/1471-2164-15-3.
- 88.	M. J. Barbetti, S. K. Banga, T. D. Fu, Y. C. Li, D. Singh, S. Y. Liu, X. T. Ge, and S. S. Banga. 2014. “Comparative Genotype Reactions to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum within Breeding Populations of Brassica Napus and B. Juncea from India and China.” Euphytica 197(1):47–59.
- 89.	Jiaqin Mei, Yijuan Ding, Kun Lu, Dayong Wei, Yao Liu, Joseph Onwusemu Disi, Jiana Li, Liezhao Liu, Shengyi Liu, John McKay, and Wei Qian. 2013. “Identification of Genomic Regions Involved in Resistance against Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum from Wild Brassica Oleracea.” TAG. Theoretical and Applied Genetics. Theoretische Und Angewandte Genetik 126(2):549–56. doi: 10.1007/s00122-012-2000-x.
- 90.	Tao Ke, Su Liang, Jin Huang, Han Mao, Jibao Chen, Caihua Dong, Junyan Huang, Shengyi Liu, Jianxiong Kang, Dongqi Liu, and Xiangdong Ma. 2012. “A Novel PCR-Based Method for High Throughput Prokaryotic Expression of Antimicrobial Peptide Genes.” BMC Biotechnology 12:10. doi: 10.1186/1472-6750-12-10.
- 91.	Yanhua Li, Fang Wei, Xuyan Dong, Jinhua Peng, Shengyi Liu, and Hong Chen. 2011. “Simultaneous Analysis of Multiple Endogenous Plant Hormones in Leaf Tissue of Oilseed Rape by Solid-Phase Extraction Coupled with High-Performance Liquid Chromatography-Electrospray Ionisation Tandem Mass Spectrometry.” Phytochemical Analysis: PCA 22(5):442–49. doi: 10.1002/pca.1300.
- 92.	Fan Hu, Xin Li, Jie Lü, Pei Hong Mao, Xiang Jin, Ben Rao, Peng Zheng, Yu Lin Zhou, Sheng Yi Liu, Tao Ke, Xiangdong Ma, and Lixin Ma. 2011. “A Visual Method for Direct Selection of High-Producing Pichia Pastoris Clones.” BMC Biotechnology 11:23. doi: 10.1186/1472-6750-11-23.
- 93.	Fang Wei, Jihua Cheng, Shengyi Liu, Junyan Huang, Zhan Wang, Xuyan Dong, Pingping Li, Fanpi Kong, Yu Wu, Yanhua Li, Yuqi Feng, and Hong Chen. 2010. “A Robust Sampling Approach for Identification and Quantification of Methyl Jasmonate in Leaf Tissue of Oilseed Rape for Analysis of Early Signaling in Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum Resistance.” Phytochemical Analysis: PCA 21(3):290–97. doi: 10.1002/pca.1199.
- 94.	Wenhui Wei, Yunchang Li, Lijun Wang, Shengyi Liu, Xiaohong Yan, Desheng Mei, Yinde Li, Yusong Xu, Pengfei Peng, and Qiong Hu. 2010. “Development of a Novel Sinapis Arvensis Disomic Addition Line in Brassica Napus Containing the Restorer Gene for Nsa CMS and Improved Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum and Pod Shattering.” TAG. Theoretical and Applied Genetics. Theoretische Und Angewandte Genetik 120(6):1089–97. doi: 10.1007/s00122-009-1236-6.
- 95.	Zhan Wang, Fang Wei, Shengyi Liu, Qiao Xu, Junyan Huang, Xuyan Dong, Jiuhong Yu, Qin Yang, Yuandi Zhao, and Hong Chen. 2010. “Electrocatalytic Oxidation of Phytohormone Salicylic Acid at Copper Nanoparticles-Modified Gold Electrode and Its Detection in Oilseed Rape Infected with Fungal Pathogen Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum.” Talanta 80(3):1277–81. doi: 10.1016/j.talanta.2009.09.023.
- 96.	Feng Ai, Hong Chen, Shuhui Zhang, Shengyi Liu, Fang Wei, Xuyan Dong, Jieke Cheng, and Weihua Huang. 2009. “Real-Time Monitoring of Oxidative Burst from Single Plant Protoplasts Using Microelectrochemical Sensors Modified by Platinum Nanoparticles.” Analytical Chemistry 81(20):8453–58. doi: 10.1021/ac901300b.
- 97.	Zheng Wang, Han Mao, Caihua Dong, Ruiqin Ji, Li Cai, Hao Fu, and Shengyi Liu. 2009. “Overexpression of Brassica Napus MPK4 Enhances Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum in Oilseed Rape.” Molecular Plant-Microbe Interactions: MPMI 22(3):235–44. doi: 10.1094/MPMI-22-3-0235.
- 98.	Qiao Xu, Shengyi Liu, Qiuju Zou, Xuelan Guo, Xuyan Dong, Peiwu Li, Danyang Song, Hong Chen, and Yuandi Zhao. 2009. “Microsensor in Vivo Monitoring of Oxidative Burst in Oilseed Rape (Brassica Napus L.) Leaves Infected by Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum.” Analytica Chimica Acta 632(1):21–25. doi: 10.1016/j.aca.2008.10.055.
- 99.	Liming Xu, Junyan Huang, Xuequn Liu, Rui Qin, and Shengyi Liu. 2009. “Cloning of Brassica Napus EIN3 Gene and Its Expression Induced by Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum.” Agricultural Science & Technology-Hunan 10(2):33–36.
- 100.	D. P. Roberts, C. J. Baker, Laurie McKenna, S. Liu, J. S. Buyer, and D. Y. Kobayashi. 2009. “Influence of Host Seed on Metabolic Activity of Enterobacter Cloacae in the Spermosphere.” Soil Biology and Biochemistry 41(4):754–61.
- 101.	C. X. Li, S. Y. Liu, Krishnapillai Sivasithamparam, and M. J. Barbetti. 2009. “New Sources of Resistance to Sclerotinia Stem Rot Caused by Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum in Chinese and Australian Brassica Napus and B. Juncea Germplasm Screened under Western Australian Conditions.” Australasian Plant Pathology 38(2):149–52.
- 102.	Xiangbai Dong, Ruiqin Ji, Xuelan Guo, Simon J. Foster, Hong Chen, Caihua Dong, Yueying Liu, Qiong Hu, and Shengyi Liu. 2008. “Expressing a Gene Encoding Wheat Oxalate Oxidase Enhances Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum in Oilseed Rape (Brassica Napus).” Planta 228(2):331–40. doi: 10.1007/s00425-008-0740-2.
- 103.	C. X. Li, N. Wratten, P. A. Salisbury, W. A. Burton, T. D. Potter, G. Walton, Hua Li, Krishnapillai Sivasithamparam, Surinder S. Banga, and Shashi Banga. 2008. “Response of Brassica Napus and B. Juncea Germplasm from Australia, China and India to Australian Populations of Leptosphaeria Maculans.” Australasian Plant Pathology 37(2):162–70.
- 104.	Bruce DL Fitt, B. C. Hu, Z. Q. Li, S. Y. Liu, R. M. Lange, P. D. Kharbanda, M. H. Butterworth, and R. P. White. 2008. “Strategies to Prevent Spread of Leptosphaeria Maculans (Phoma Stem Canker) onto Oilseed Rape Crops in China; Costs and Benefits.” Plant Pathology 57(4):652–64.
- 105.	Shengyi Liu, Xiaojia Hu, Scott M. Lohrke, C. Jaycn Baker, Jeffrey S. Buyer, Jorge T. de Souza, and Daniel P. Roberts. 2007. “Role of SdhA and PfkA and Catabolism of Reduced Carbon during Colonization of Cucumber Roots by Enterobacter Cloacae.” Microbiology (Reading, England) 153(Pt 9):3196–3209. doi: 10.1099/mic.0.2006/005538-0.
- 106.	Qiuju Zou, Shengyi Liu, Xuyan Dong, Yanhua Bi, Yuancheng Cao, Qiao Xu, Yuandi Zhao, and Hong Chen. 2007. “In Vivo Measurements of Changes in PH Triggered by Oxalic Acid in Leaf Tissue of Transgenic Oilseed Rape.” Phytochemical Analysis: PCA 18(4):341–46. doi: 10.1002/pca.988.
- 107.	Shengyi Liu, Renhu Liu, Akinwunmi O. Latunde-Dada, Hans J. Cools, Simon J. Foster, Yongju Huang, and Bruce DL Fitt. 2007. “Comparison of Leptosphaeria Biglobosa-Induced and Chemically Induced Systemic Resistance to L. Maculans in Brassica Napus.” Chinese Science Bulletin 52(8):1053–62.
- 108.	Caixia Li, Hua Li, Krishnapillai Sivasithamparam, Tingdong Fu, Yunchang Li, Shengyi LIU, and Martin Barbetti. 2007. “Sources of Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum in Brassica Napus and B. Juncea Germplasm for China and Australia.” Pp. 424–26 in 12th International Rape Seed Congress, Wuhan. Vol. 4.
- 109.	C. X. Li, Krishnapillai Sivasithamparam, G. Walton, P. Salisbury, W. Burton, Surinder S. Banga, Shashi Banga, C. Chattopadhyay, A. Kumar, and R. Singh. 2007. “Expression and Relationships of Resistance to White Rust (Albugo Candida) at Cotyledonary, Seedling, and Flowering Stages in Brassica Juncea Germplasm from Australia, China, and India.” Australian Journal of Agricultural Research 58(3):259–64.
- 110.	C. X. Li, Hua Li, A. B. Siddique, K. Sivasithamparam, P. Salisbury, S. S. Banga, Shashi Banga, C. Chattopadhyay, A. Kumar, and R. Singh. 2007. “The Importance of the Type and Time of Inoculation and Assessment in the Determination of Resistance in Brassia Napus and B. Juncea to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum.” Australian Journal of Agricultural Research 58(12):1198–1203.
- 111.	S. Y. Liu, Z. Liu, Bruce DL Fitt, Neal Evans, S. J. Foster, Y. J. Huang, A. O. Latunde-Dada, and J. A. Lucas. 2006. “Resistance to Leptosphaeria Maculans (Phoma Stem Canker) in Brassica Napus (Oilseed Rape) Induced by L. Biglobosa and Chemical Defence Activators in Field and Controlled Environments.” Plant Pathology 55(3):401–12.
- 112.	C. X. Li, Hua Li, Krishnapillai Sivasithamparam, T. D. Fu, Y. C. Li, S. Y. Liu, and M. J. Barbetti. 2006. “Expression of Field Resistance under Western Australian Conditions to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum in Chinese and Australian Brassica Napus and Brassica Juncea Germplasm and Its Relation with Stem Diameter.” Australian Journal of Agricultural Research 57(10):1131–35.
- 113.	S. Liu, H. Wang, Junhua Zhang, Bruce DL Fitt, Z. Xu, Neal Evans, Y. Liu, W. Yang, and X. Guo. 2005. “In Vitro Mutation and Selection of Doubled-Haploid Brassica Napus Lines with Improved Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum.” Plant Cell Reports 24(3):133–44.
- 114.	X. L. Guo, Caihua Dong, Xiaojia Hu, Yueying Liu, and Shengyi Liu. 2004. “Transformation of Oilseed Rape with a Novel Gene from a Bacterial Strain to Improve Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum.” Pp. 265–68 in IV International Symposium on Brassicas and XIV Crucifer Genetics Workshop 706.
- 115.	D. P. Roberts, S. M. Lohrke, J. S. Buyer, C. J. Baker, and S. Liu. 2003. “Colonization of Subterranean Plant Surfaces and Suppression of Soilborne Plant Pathogens: Studies with Enterobacter Cloacae.” Recent Research Developments in Microbiology 7:161–74.
- 116.	J. S. West, N. Evans, S. Liu, B. Hu, and L. Peng. 2000. “Leptosphaeria Maculans Causing Stem Canker of Oilseed Rape in China.” Plant Pathology 49:800.
