content/home/welcome.md, before:

---
# A Demo section created with the Blank widget.
# Any elements can be added in the body: https://wowchemy.com/docs/writing-markdown-latex/
# Add more sections by duplicating this file and customizing to your requirements.

widget: blank # See https://wowchemy.com/docs/page-builder/
headless: true # This file represents a page section.
weight: 10 # Order that this section will appear.
title: About Us
hero_media: 
design:
  # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: 1 or 2.
  columns: '1'
  # Add custom styles
  css_style:
  css_class:
---

<br>

The **Innovation Program of Genomics & Disease Resistance Improvement** at [Oil Crops Research Institute](https://ocri.caas.cn/index.htm) of [Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences](https://www.caas.cn/) is working on a series of topics in polyploid genomes evolution and disease resistance improvement of *Brassica napus* (甘蓝型油菜, rapeseed, oilseed rape), including:
1. **Evolution of Polyploid Brassiceae Genomes**. We have completed the de novo genome assembly and pangenome construction of *Brassica* genus, uncovered excellent genetic loci for important traits, and revealed the asymmetric evolution of polyploid subgenomes.
2. **Genome Design Breeding System**. Integrating the multi-omics data of thousands of *B. napus* accessions, we investigate and constructed the regulatory mechanism and network of important agronomic traits. Combining with genome synthetic biology technology, we created a series of germplasm resources for breeding, such as the high glucosinolate content in vegetative tissues but low in seeds. Now, we are working on building the genome design breeding platform/system to efﬁciently and rapidly design and improve the future rapeseed crops with great increased productivity and proﬁtability.
3. **Green and Efficient Control of Brassica napus Diseases**. We have solved the world-wide problem of the infestation cycle of *Brassica napus* rhizomatosis; cloned for the first time broad-spectrum recessive and dominant disease resistance genes, and bred several disease-resistant, high-yielding and high-quality *Brassica napus* lines; developed chemical pesticide reduction technology for *Brassica napus* pests and weeds and its green, efficient and light control technology system.

Commit message:

change about and people group

content/home/welcome.md, after:

---
# A Demo section created with the Blank widget.
# Any elements can be added in the body: https://wowchemy.com/docs/writing-markdown-latex/
# Add more sections by duplicating this file and customizing to your requirements.

widget: blank # See https://wowchemy.com/docs/page-builder/
headless: true # This file represents a page section.
weight: 10 # Order that this section will appear.
title: About Us
#hero_media: /#news
design:
  # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: 1 or 2.
  columns: '1'
  # Add custom styles
  css_style:
  css_class:
---

<br>

The Innovation Program of Oil Crops Genomics & Disease Resistance Improvement is one of 11 programs at [Oil Crops Research Institute](https://ocri.caas.cn/index.htm) of [Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences](https://www.caas.cn/). In recent ten years, we have 38 to 46 people working on four interconnected areas, polyploid genome evolution, breeding by genome design, *Brassica napus* disease resistance, and their application to integrated control of *B. napus* diseases. 
1. **Polyploid Genome Evolution.** Almost all higher plants experienced one or more cycles of whole genome duplications (WGD). However, why recurrent WGDs occur and especially how diploidisation after polyploidisation links to bioversity and speciation are unclear. We use the family *Brassicaceae* plants as a model to address the questions by comparing sequence variation of individual genomes with different age WGDs and population genomics of *Arabidopsis* and *Brassica* species. To this end, we have completed the de novo genome assembly and pangenome construction of *Brassica* genus, some of which were in collaboration with other research groups in the world. We also generated population phenome, metabolome, transcriptome and spliceome of a *B. napus* oilseed rape diverse accession panel.
2. **Breeding by Genome Design.** By integrating the multiple omics data of thousands of *B. napus* accessions and constructing multiple bi-parental segregation population, we mapped thousand loci controlling important agronomic traits and have been investigating regulatory networks of traits-genes/RNA. By analysing genome evolution of a large number of accessions, we have been constructing a database of genomic regions harbouring quantitative trait loci. These form a genetic foundation of fore- and back-ground selection for studies of genome synthetic biology and breeding by genome design.
3. ***Brassica* Disease Resistance.** With an aim to breeding disease resistance varieties, we conduct studies on gene mapping, cloning and molecular mechanisms of disease resistance in *B. napus*. Currently we are mainly working on three projects on three major diseases in brassica or oilseed crops: dissection of three broad-spectrum resistance genes and breeding for sustainable resistance *Brassica* varieties against parasitic pathogen *Plasmodiophora brassicae* causing destructive clubroot; QTL and genes conferring resistance to necrotrophic pathogen *Sclerotinia sclerotiorum* causing devastating tissue rot, its co-evolution with flowering time, and breeding for resistance and earliness varieties; and gene mapping and mechanism of broad-spectrum resistance to *Xanthomonas campestris pv. Campestri* causing black rot in *Brassica* crops, and its application to breeding.  
4. **Green and Sustainable integrated Control of Oilseed Crop Diseases.** In the integrated control, we use resistant varieties as a major measure and incorporate chemical pesticide by developing cost-saving and higher efficient spray technology (i.e. remote drone) for *S. sclerotiorum* disease control; for clubroot control, we aim to combine broad-spectrum resistance variety with crop rotation management.
