---
# Title, summary, and page position.
linktitle: Disease resistance in Chinese
summary: 
weight: 6
icon: book
icon_pack: fas

# Page metadata.
title: Disease resistance in Chinese
date: '2022-12-01'
type: book # Do not modify.
---

- 117.	Shengnan Sun, Liu Fan, Zeng Lingyi, Chen Wang, Ren Li, Xu Li, and Fang Xiaoping. 2022. Infection process and physiological and biochemical differences between clubroot-resistant and susceptible varieties of radish. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 44(3):642–51. doi: 10.19802/j.issn.1007-9084.2021094. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 118.	Shan Wu, Zuo Rong, Li Yan, Zhao Chuanji, Dong Zhixue, Liu Jie, He Yizhou, Wu Yupo, Gao Feng, Bai Zetao, Liu Shengyi, and Chen Jianguo. 2022. Cloning and functional analysis of Ss160 in Sclerotinia sclerotiorum. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 44(4):852–59. doi: 10.19802/j.issn.1007-9084.2021155. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 119.	Rong Zuo, Wu Shan, Liu Jie, Hu Ming, Cheng Xiaohui, Liu Yueying, Bai Zetao, and Liu Shengyi. 2022. Genome-wide characterization of F-box-LRR genes and their transcript response to Sclerotinia sclerotiorum induction in Brassica napus. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 44(3):503–14. doi: 10.19802/j.issn.1007-9084.2021121. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 120.	Huihui Cao, Lei Wang, Yanhua Yan, Tian Lin, Tao Ke, Junyan Huang, Xiaohui Cheng, and Shengyi Liu. 2020. Antimicrobial Activity Detection of Antimicrobial Peptide Gene BnCRP1 from Brassica Napus. Journal of the Chinese Cereals and Oils Association 35(2):91–97. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 121.	Huihui Cao, Caihua Dong, Jingyin Yu, Tao Ke, Chaobo Tong, Junyan Huang, and Shengyi Liu. 2016. Antimicrobial Activity Detection of Antimicrobial Peptide Gene BnLTP1 from Brassica Napus. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 38(1):001–006. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 122.	Xiaogen Ma, Jingyin Yu, Minqiang Tang, Fengqi Zhang, Caihua Dong, Chaobo Tong, Junyan Huang, and Shengyi Liu. 2015. Cloning and Transcription of Bn VRN2 Gene from Sclerotinia Resistant and Susceptible Lines of Brassica Napus. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 37(6):735–43. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 123.	Quan Chen, Jie Wang, Mingsheng Hou, Shengyi Liu, and Li Cai. 2015. Brassica Napus BnSGS3 Gene Sequence Analysis,Vector Construction and Resistance Identification of Transgenic Arabidopsis Thaliana to Viruses. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 37(4):512–19. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 124.	Huihui Cao, Junyan Huang, Tao Ke, Jingyin Yu, Dong, and Shengyi Liu. 2015. Resistance of Radish Antimicrobial Peptide Gene Rs to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 37(5):614–21. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 125.	Lingyan Liu, Caihua Dong, Xiaohui Cheng, Yueying Liu, Junyan Huang, and Shengyi Liu. 2013. Evaluation of Winter Rapeseed Cultivar Resistance to Sclerotinia Stem Rot in National Regional Trials from 2009 to 2012. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 35(3):331–33. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 126.	Haiwen Ji, Li Ren, Kunrong Chen, Li Xu, Fan Liu, Chaochao Sun, Jun Li, Shengyi Liu, and Xiaoping Fang. 2013. Identification of Physiological Races of Club Root and Resistance of Rape Cultivars to Plasmodiophora Brassicae. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 35(3):301. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 127.	Huang, Jin, Junyan Huang, Tao Ke, Rong Zhou, Huihui Cao, Xiangdong Ma, Chaobo Tong, Jingyin Yu, Nan Wu, Caihua Dong, and Shengyi Liu. 2013. Cloning and Bacteriostatic Activity Detection of a New Antibacterial Peptide BnPCD842895. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 35(4):357. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 128.	Zhang, Biao, Junyan Huang, Shengyi Liu, Meixia Zhao, Chenggang Wang, and Caihua Dong. 2011. Establishment of a Rapid Identification Method to Determine Differences in Susceptibility of Cercospora Sojina Hara by Hyphae Inoculated on the Excised Leaf Surface. Journal of Anhui Agricultural Sciences 39(21):12714–18. doi: 10.13989/j.cnki.0517-6611.2011.21.178. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 129.	Chenggang Wang, Dan Li, Liming XU, Caihua DONG, Junyan HANG, Juping Fang, and Shengyi Liu. 2011. Over-Expression of BnERF50 from Brassica Napus Enhanced Transgenic Arabidopsis Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 33(5):427–32. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 130.	Chenggang Wang, Li Cai, Caihua Dong, Junyan Huang, Meixia Zhao, Rong Zhou, and Shengyi Liu. 2011. Over-expression of BnERF104 from Brassica napus enhanced transgenic Arabidopsis resistance to Sclerotinia sclerotiorum. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 33(04):325–30. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 131.	Zhenbo Li, Zhuoyu Wang, Xuequn Liu, Rui Qin, Junyan Huang, Caihua Dong, and Shengyi Liu. 2011. Expression of Brassica Napus Gene Bn19070 and AmiRNA Interference of Homologous Gene At2g19070. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 33(3):197–202. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 132.	Qiuhong Ren, Junyan Huang, Han Mao, Baoming Tian, and Shengyi Liu. 2010. Brassica Napus LOX2 Gene Expression Induced by Methyl Jasmonate（MeJA）,Benzothiadiazole（BTH）,and Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum. Journal of Henan Agricultural Sciences (7). (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 133.	Dan Li, Junyan Huang, Xuejiang Zhang, Xuequn Liu, Rui Qin, and Shengyi Liu. 2010. Preliminary Studies on Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum Resistant Mutant 275-7 of Arabidopsis Thaliana. Journal of Agricultural Science and Technology 12(2):81–85. doi: 10.5969/j. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 134.	Junyan Huang, Liming Xu, Xuejiang Zhang, and Shengyi Liu. 2010. Increased Susceptibility of Arabidopsis to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum by Artificial MicroRNAs Silenced At3A06 Gene. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 32(3):345–48. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 135.	Aimin Li, Yongtai Zhang, Jinjin Jiang, Shengyi Liu, and Youping Wang. 2009. Characterization of Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum among Progenies of Intergeneric Hybrid between Brassica Napus and Sinapis Alba. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 31(2):249–52. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 136.	Ruiqin Ji, Xiangbai Dong, Hui Feng, Rongcun Gao, Yueying Liu, and Shengyi Liu. 2009. Expressions of Defense Genes of Salicylic Acid-Dependent Signal Pathway in Oxalate Oxidase Transgenic Oilseed Rape （Brassica Napus L.）. Plant Physiology Communications 45(7):677–80. doi: 10.13592/j.cnki.ppj.2009.07.015. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 137.	Ruiqin Ji, XiangBai Dong, Hui Feng, Barbetti MARTIN, Rongcun Gao, Yueying Liu, and Shengyi Liu. 2009. Expression of PDF1.2 in Oxalate Oxidase Transgenic Oilseed Rape （Brassica Napus L.）. Plant Physiology Communications 45(5):479–82. doi: 10.13592/j.cnki.ppj.2009.05.015. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 138.	Guohua Chai, Xianhu Fu, Zetao Bai, Junyan Huang, and Shengyi Liu. 2009. Research Progress on Plant Endo-β-1,4-Glucanase Genes. Journal of Agricultural Science and Technology 11(5):17–22. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 139.	Guohua Chai, Zetao Bai, li Cai, Xuelan Guo, Xuekun Zhang, Lei Shi, Caihua Dong, and Shengyi Liu. 2009. Cloning of BnWRI1 Gene and the Effect of RNA Interference on Seed Oil Content in Oilseed Rape. Scientia Agricultura Sinica 42(5):1512–18. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 140.	Fang Wei, Jihua Cheng, Liu, Junyan Huang, Xuyan Dong, and Hong Chen. 2008. Membrane Extraction Coupled with GC for Identification and Quantification of MJA in Leaf for Analysis of Early Signaling in Oilseed Rape Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum. in 中国作物学会油料作物专业委员会代表大会暨学术年会. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 141.	Zheng Wang, Han Mao, Caihua Dong, Junyan Huang, and Shengyi Liu. 2008. Characterization and Induced Expression of Oilseed Rape MAP Kinase 4. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 30(4):397–400. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 142.	Ji, Ruiqin, Caihua Dong, Rongcun Gao, Yueying Liu, and Shengyi Liu. 2006. Methyl Jasmonate,Benzothiadiazol and Oxalic Acid Induce Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum in Brassica Napus. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 28(2):184. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 143.	Rongcun Gao, Caihua Dong, Shengwu Hu, and Shengyi Liu. 2006. Screening for Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum in Arabidopsis Mutants. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 28(4):5. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 144.	Shengyi Liu, Jiankun Zhang, ZeYong Xu, Liyuan He, and Liu. 2005. Genetic Analysis of Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum and Its Toxin Oxalic Acid in Brassica Napus. Journal of Plant Protection 32(1):43–47. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 145.	Shengyi Liu, Renhu Liu, Caihua Dong, and Yongju Huang. 2004. Cloning of Plant Defensin and Oxalic Acid Oxidase Genes and Expressions of These Genes Induced by Pathogens and Chemicals in Brassica Napus. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 26(3):43–49. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 146.	Xiangbai Dong, Xuelan Guo, Caihua Dong, Yueying Liu, and Shengyi Liu. 2004. Oxalate Oxidase and Glucose Oxidase Bivalent Gene Vector Construction and Genetic Transformation in Oilseed Rape. in The 5th Annual Academic Conference of Oilseed Crops Committee of China Crop Society. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 147.	Shengyi Liu, Biwen Zhou, Jiankun Zhang, Xuelan Guo, ZeYong Xu, and Liyuan He. 2003. Inheritance of Resistance to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorumlesion Expansion in B.NapusL. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 25(1):54–58. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 148.	Xiaojia Hu, and Shengyi Liu. 2002. Rhizosphere Colonization of Rapeseed by Pseudomonas Alcaligenes A9（LacZ）. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 24(4):54–56. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 149.	Xiaojia Hu, Mulan Jiang, and Shengyi Liu. 2002. Selection and Cloning Genes from Bacteria of Antagonistic Slerotinia Sclerotiorum. Journal of Agricultural Biotechnology 10(1):39–40. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 150.	Xiurong Zhang, Yong Cheng, Shengyi Liu, Xiangyun Feng, Limin Jin, Qiaoling Jin, Cuiying Huang, Zian Wang, Xinfu Xu, and Meiying Sun. 2001. Evaluation of Sesame Germplasm Resistance to Macrophomina Phaseolina and Fusarium Oxysporium. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 23(4):23–27. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 151.	Shengyi Liu, Zeyong Xu, and Liyuan He. 1999. Plant-Parasite Interactions and Molecular Mechanism of Resistance. Scientia Agricultura Sinica 32(S1):94–102. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 152.	XiaoJia Hu, Shengyi Liu, Jiankun Zhang, and Qinjie Huang. 1999. Effect of Rhizobacteria on Controlling Sclerotinia Disease and Oilseed Rape Growth Promotion. Scientia Agricultura Sinica 32(S1):103–6. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 153.	刘胜毅. 1999. 油菜抗菌核病遗传、机制和单倍体体细胞突变研究. 博士学位论文, 中国农业科学院.
- 154.	Qiufang Xiong, and Shengyi Liu. 1998. The Response of Some Enzyme Activities to Oxalic Acid Treatment in Resistant and Susceptible Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum Rapeseed Varieties. Journal of Huazhong Agricultural 17(1):4. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 155.	Shengyi Liu, Biwen Zhou, and Jiarong Pan. 1998. Metabolism of Oxalate by Oilseed Rape and Resistance Mechanism to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum. Acta Phytopathologica Sinica 28(1):33–37. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 156.	Shengyi Liu, and Biwen Zhou. 1998. Application of Oxalic Acid for Screening Resistance Oilseed Rape to Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum and Its Affecting Factors. Journal of Plant Protection 25(1):5. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 157.	Shengyi Liu. 1997. Uptake,transport and Distribution of Oxalate by Rapeseed Varieties with Different Resistance to Stem Rot. Chinese Journal of Oil Crop Sciences 19(1):3. (Chinese Journal with Figures, Tables and Abstract in English).
- 158.	周乐聪, 余琦, 刘胜毅, 周必文. 1994. 油菜品种资源对菌核病的抗性鉴定. 中国油料 (17):69–72.
- 159.	周必文, 周乐聪, 余琦, 刘胜毅. 1994. 绿色木霉防治油菜菌核病效果. 中国油料 (17):20–24.
- 160.	周必文, 余琦, 刘胜毅. 1994. 油菜抗菌核病,病毒病材料的鉴定和筛选研究. 中国油料 (17):57–61.
- 161.	周必文, 刘胜毅. 1994. 油菜抗菌核病过氧化物酶同工酶酶谱鉴定方法. 中国油料 (17):77–79.
- 162.	余琦, 周必文, 周乐聪, 刘胜毅. 1994. 油菜菌核病综合防治. 中国油料 (17):7–9.
- 163.	刘胜毅, 周必文. 1994c. 油菜菌核病抗性毒素草酸鉴定法. 中国油料 (17):75–76.
- 164.	刘胜毅, 周必文. 1994b. 油菜对菌核病抗性稳定性分析. 中国油料 (17):62–65.
- 165.	刘胜毅, 周必文. 1994a. 对油菜菌核病抗性选择压力的探讨. 中国油料 (17):66–68.
- 166.	刘胜毅. 1994. 油菜菌核病菌的遗传学和病菌与寄主的互作研究. 中国油料 (17):95–100.
- 167.	周必文, 陈道炎, 余琦, 刘胜毅. 1993. 油菜多抗材料中RVS-1, -2, -3的鉴定和筛选研究. 中国油料 1(16):14–17.
- 168.	刘胜毅, 周必文. 1993. 核盘菌菌丝生长和产草酸的营养和环境条件研究. 微生物学通报 4(20):196–99.
